we continue to follow breaking news a
high school lockdown for hours after
student is found with two guns on campus
good evening I'm Ellen Leyva David oh no
this is how it is soon at six o'clock a
student is now under arrest in
connection with this campus scare it's
breaking news we've been following all
afternoon
the sahlan folded at mark temple high
school at 501 East Hellman Avenue in
Alhambra eyewitness news reporter Shuba
ravindran is there live with more Shiva
well David that 17 year old student has
been arrested detectives are right now
at his home in Monterey Park searching
it and speaking to his parents at this
one it's unclear why he brought two
handguns to campus here today
authorities say that it was certainly a
scary afternoon for thousands of
students this afternoon the entire
campus was on lockdown just about an
hour ago that order was lifted in fact
some parents are still picking up their
students from campus now this all
started around 1:30 this afternoon many
students were in fact searched on campus
before they were allowed to go back home
and this all began during a routine k9
search apparently the campus does this
every so often they searched the campus
for drugs and that's one for ''tis came
across a backpack in one of the physics
classrooms they searched the backpack
and that's when they found one unloaded
handgun inside they located the student
who owns that backpack and they searched
him and that's when they found a second
handgun this one was loaded and it was
being kept in the waistband of his pants
and authorities say that it was the
assistant principal that really helped
him out in all this apparently that
assistant principal was the first to
notice that this one student was acting
strangely they had a student one of the
assistant principals notice that there
was a student that was acting a little
bizarre Lee he was lifting up his
backpack putting it down going back to
it picking it up putting it back down
when the student left the room
assistant principal went over and found
the backpack searched it found a handgun
at that point
school officials they detained the
student and called the police department
that's pretty scary because you don't
know if like it's the kid next to
or you never know if he can like just
snap and go off on you and then the rest
of the class and you're all in danger
and no students were heard in this
incident and we want to repeat again
that 17-year old they're not releasing
his name right now but he has been
arrested authorities right now at his
home in Monterey Park interviewing him
and speaking to his parents the school
will be back open tomorrow morning and
we understand there will be added
security presence here on campus as well
reporting live in alhambra sugar
Raveendran ABC 7 Eyewitness News